Computer Science: Add Graph Project Curriculum Files (#30700)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: javascript/computer_science/project_graph.md

1. `areAdjacent(value1, value2)`: Returns `true` if the vertices `value1` and `value2` are adjacent, returns `false` otherwise. Recall that two vertices are adjacent if they are connected by an edge.
1. `removeVertex(value)`: Removes the vertex `value` from the adjacency list. Any edges that were connected to this vertex should be removed as well. Does nothing if `value` is not in the graph.
1. `removeEdge(value1, value2)`: Removes an edge between the vertices `value1` and `value2`. Does nothing if either `value1` or `value2` are not in the graph.
1. `getOrder()`: Returns a number that represents the order of the graph. This is the number of vertices in the graph.
1. `getSize()`: Returns a number that represents the size of the graph. This is the number of edges in the graph.
1. `getDegree(value)`: Returns a number that represents the degree of the vertex `value`, or `undefined` if `value` is not in the graph. The degree of a vertex is the number of edges that are connected to that vertex.
1. `getNeighbors(value)`: Returns an array of all the vertices that are adjacent to the vertex `value`, or `undefined` if `value` is not in the graph.

> 1. `getCommonNeighbors(value1, value2)`: Returns an array of all the vertices that are adjacent to both of the vertices `value1` and `value2`, or `undefined` if either `value1` or `value2` are not in the graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `getNeighbors(value)`: Returns an array of all the vertices that are adjacent to the vertex `value`. If the given `value` isn't in the graph, return `undefined`..
1. `getCommonNeighbors(value1, value2)`: Returns an array of all the vertices that are adjacent to both of the vertices `value1` and `value2`. If either of the given values aren't in the graph, return `undefined`.
```
Just splitting the `undefined` return variant into new sentences because I find that reads a bit better.

Also I'm lazy and not going to make a suggestion specific to the Ruby lesson, but I'd like the same structure to for the Ruby lesson as well.
